update empty docs (#174)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-doc: hostutils/psu.md

# Phoenix Serial Uploader (psu)

`psu` is a tool designed to load scripts onto Phoenix-RTOS devices using the SDP (Script Download Protocol) protocol.
This tool allows users to execute various commands on Phoenix-RTOS devices by sending scripts containing

> specific instructions.

Reviewer: We can also mention that it is used for NXP boards and that we are using it in the flashing process for targets like `imxrt106x` or `imxrt117x`.

# Phoenix Serial Uploader (psu)

> `psu` is a tool designed to load scripts onto Phoenix-RTOS devices using the SDP (Script Download Protocol) protocol.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`psu` is a tool designed to load firmware onto Phoenix-RTOS devices using the SDP (Script Download Protocol) protocol.
```

> `psu` is a tool designed to load firmware onto Phoenix-RTOS devices using the SDP (Script Download Protocol) protocol.

Reviewer: I see that it's the same content as in the `psu` README, so please place the link over there like it's done in https://github.com/phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-ports/tree/46f7c3d1449f0aa8d9b72457a53b2c87faa047d6/azure_sdk

Applies to the other places, where you just copied readme.

> This tool allows users to execute various commands on Phoenix-RTOS devices by sending scripts containing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tool allows users to execute various commands on Phoenix-RTOS devices by executing scripts containing
```

> specific instructions. This tool is used in the flashing process for NXP boards,

Reviewer 2: "flashing" is a jargon
```suggestion
specific instructions. This tool can be used to upload firmware to NXP devices,
```

```

### WRITE_FILE

Host sends file or data to HID device.

```plaintext
WRITE_FILE <F/S> <quoted string> [address] [format] [offset] [size]
```

Note: use `format=0` (default) for typical file transfer (skips bad blocks). `format=1` is used for direct write at
specified `address` (if `address` points to a bad block the operation completes without error despite file not being
transferred), e.g. used for writing multiple control block or partition table copies.

Examples:

```plaintext
WRITE_FILE F "phoenix-kernel.img" 0xac000000 0 0 16384 # addr=0xac000000 format=0 off=0 size=16384
```

```plaintext
WRITE_FILE F "phoenix-kernel.img" 0xac000000 0 16384   # addr=0xac000000 format=0 off=16384 size=<whole file>
```

```plaintext
WRITE_FILE S "\x00\x00\x00\x80\xff\xff\xff\x87\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x80\x3a\x49\x00\x00\x00\x00 Xpsd;/dev/flash0;/dev/flash1;/" 0x80000020 0 0 # addr=0x80000020 format=0 off=0 size=<whole file>
```

### WRITE_REGISTER

Host sends WRITE\_REGISTER command to device, to write value to the address specified in the ADDRESS field. PSD uses
this command to handle action.

```plaintext
WRITE_REGISTER <address> <value> <format 8/16/32>
```

  Addresses use in PSD:

>   |COMMAND | ADDRESS | VALUE |

Reviewer: As discussed with @agkaminski please remove those obsolete commands.
